add relativeValue and monetaryValue.csv (#27)
open-contracting-extensions/ocds_participationFee_extension: README.md

}
```

> The following JSON snippet models a contracting process where fees are calculated as a percentage of the awarded contract value.

Reviewer: Illustrate how percentages are modelled and explain the meaning of 'win'

```suggestion
The following JSON snippet models a contracting process with a participation fee of 5% of the award value, payable by the winning bidder.
```

> The following JSON snippet models a contracting process with a participation fee of 5% of the award value, payable by the winning bidder.

Reviewer 2: Make similar changes to the existing text for the previous example:

```suggestion
A participation fee of 5% of the award value, payable by the winning bidder:
```
